Golden Dragon Card trillion quota
That's not possible.
Is there a mistake?
Absolutely not bad.
This is the Golden Dragon Card
The Golden Dragon Card is also known as the Treasury Card
This card is sold by the owner
The entire building will not exceed 3 photos
The funds inside are directly connected to the treasury of the building
As long as it is within the quota range
Funds can be withdrawn at any time
And me?
It's just for display.
It's not turned on.
I see
Then if nothing happens
I won't disturb the reception
Remove half of this trillion assets
500 billion
Less is less
But enough for the guards to fight
Rosu, wait a minute
What tricks do you want to play?
Is there one thing you've forgotten?
It's not that someone wants to eat the table
Ye Sheng save me
Xiao Chen has to forgive others
Look at mine.
Forget it for the sake of face
Your face is too small.
I don't like it